I really love taking naps, Dozyping!
Hey! Stop right there!
Huh? You startled me.
You almost gave me a heart attack.
Whoa! What's going on at this hour?
Wait... There's no one here?
It's a ghost! Aaaah!
Giddy up! Giddy up! Giddy up!
This is less fun than the horses in our kingdom, dozy.
Isn't there anything more fun, dozy?
That looks fun, dozy!
Wow! The human village really has a lot of fun things, dozy.
Ah, what's that sound?
Huh? What? Who's there?
I'm sure someone was just here...
Ugh, I'm so sleepy...
Isn't there somewhere comfortable to sleep, dozy...
I'm heading out!
Have a good day...
Sarah, did you not sleep well?
Yeah... I stayed up all night working on a new bread recipe.
Romi, could you watch the shop later when you get back from school?
I need to get some sleep.
Yes, I will. I'm leaving now!
Phew, I'm not late.
So, I was passing through the park last night, and guess what?
The stopped carousel was moving all by itself. So...
Hey, are you sure someone wasn't just riding it?
No, so I looked closely at the horses... and looked...
There was no one there!
Then suddenly, a bizarre woman's laugh!
Hahahaha! Hahahaha!
If you're going to lie, at least make it believable.
It's not a lie!
Huh? Now that you mention it, when I woke up this morning...
The game console I definitely turned off was on...
And in front of it, someone with long, untied hair!
Aaaah!
Now, now, let's start class.
Yes...
Mmm... Ah, this is delicious.
Huh?
[Yawns]
Who is it?
How insolent, daring to disturb a princess's sleep!
Where can I go to get a good sleep, dozy...
Aren't you going to sleep? Only when Your Majesty sleeps can I...
Are you sleepy right now?
That kid Romi is interfering with our plans!
Go away!
If you keep doing bad things, someday you'll have to pay a big price.
Be quiet!
Aha! There she is.
Right, if it's Dozyping's magic...
I'm just going to sleep right here, dozy.
Yo! Wake up! Wake up!
How can a princess sleep on the street?
I know a place that's just perfect for you.
Alright, should we take them out now?
This is the place, dozy.
Huh?
Guys, are you okay?
Huh? Everyone is sleeping?
It's a Teenieping alarm, chu!
That is the Princess Teenieping of the Sleeping Kingdom, Dozyping, pony!
What, this will be an easy catch!
Oh no! Dozyping is snoring, pony!
Then because of that snoring sound...?
Let's catch her quickly! Time to transform, chu!
Open! Princess Pact!
Wake up, chu!
Let's evacuate outside for now!
Dozyping likes to stay up all night playing without sleeping, pony...
So she has a bad habit of snoring anywhere during the day.
Everyone around who hears that sound falls asleep, sappun!
It seems much stronger than my dad's snoring.
How do we catch her?
Ah! That's it!
How about earplugs, ping?
Earplugs, pingereureu!
Now, try making a sound.
Aaaaah!
Romi, let's transform, chu!
Yeah!
Open! Princess Pact!
Noble love's Heartsping Time!
Princess Fancyheart of love that fills the heart!
Good.
Piripiri Catchling!
Don't tell me... The pact can't hear me.
Wake up, Dozyping!
What? Is the meal ready, dozy?
Dozyping! You stayed up all night playing again, didn't you, pony!
You're Bonnyping.
There are so many fun things here. More than my kingdom...
Don't fall asleep!
That snoring sound is coming through the earplugs, pony...
Wake up, Bonnyping!
The sound is even louder than before!
First, we have to stop her from snoring, chu!
Love's Magic, chu!
It failed, chu!
At this rate, everyone will fall asleep, Arung...
Graceping!
Huh? Great job, Graceping!
This is nothing, sappun.
Graceping! I'll help you!
Guys!
Ah, no, I can't hold out any longer...
This is a lot harder than I thought.
What do I do??
Man! I'm telling you it's real!
Yo! Can't you hear me?
Huh? Are we thinking the same thing?
Hey! Are you going to keep pretending not to hear me?
I'll give it back when I'm done!
What did you say?
I won't let you off this time!
Love's Magic Ring!
Do it now Princess!
Piripiri Catchling!
Into the Princess Cube!
Princess Teenieping, Dozyping, Catch!
[Yawn]
I'm going to sleep again, dozy.
I slept well for the first time in a while.
Dozyping! You shouldn't sleep now.
You won't be able to sleep tonight.
That's right, dozy.
Tsk Tsk Tsk Tsk Tsk! That's why I told you to sleep at night.
Eclipseping.
[End Credits]